Sen Dem
1. The government should encourage cost-effective energy and water efficiency for commercial buildings.

2. The Keystone XL pipeline should be produced cost-efficiently. Congress should not require the pipeline only use manufactured goods produced in the United States.

3. Do you want the federal reserve to loosen Dodd-Frank regulations put in place after the 2008 recession?

4. Do you want your secretary of the army to be a veteran with government experience and deep ties to defense contractors?

SEN REPUBLICAN

1. Do you want the U.S. to build the Keystone XL pipeline even if it doesn't reduce energy dependence on the middle east?
most republicans voted: 1 - Yes

2. The environmental costs of the Keystone XL pipeline outweigh the energy benefits.
most republicans voted: -1 - Nay - they do outweight

3. Would you approve of increasing funding for Customs and Border Patrol (CBP), Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE), and the U.S. Secret Service, but decreasing Coast Guard and TSA funding?
most republicans voted: -1 - Nay

4. Do you want the United States government to spend $1 billion or $2 billion dollars to prevent the spread of diseases like Zika Virus?
Yea - $1billion  Nay - $2 billion

HOUSE DEMS

1 Would you favor repealing antitrust exemptions for health insurance companies? In other words, do you want health insurance companies to abide by antitrust laws?
Yea - 1 all dems voted for this

2. Do you want Congress to have the power to disapprove of regulations together (i.e., "en bloc") instead of the current procedure of considering only one regulation at a time.

3. Do you want to deregulate and reduce funding for OSHA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
Dems - nea

4. Do you believe the House of Representatives is effective?
Dems - Nea

HOUSE REPUBS

1. Congress and the United States should support the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.

2. International organizations like the United Nations should not recognize or enter agreements with Palestinian state, because this will harm the security of Israel, run counter to the enduring bipartisan consensus on strengthening the U.S.-Israel relationship, and weaken support for such organizations.
Repubs - yea

3. Congress should not prohibit taxpayer funded abortions.
Republicans - actually voted Yea for prohibiting, but data says no, so anyone that votes no to above question will match.


4. Departments and agencies should submit a plan annually to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and Congress, including a list of policy-relevant questions and a list of data for facilitating the plan.
 



